hey there guys this is Tom and today
I've got a giveaway for you guys so as
you know recently we got four new
weapons in the game one for each class
the acw-r for the assault class the
86-82 for the medic class the m5 k for
the engineer class and the James e90 for
the Recon class now with all the support
you guys have been giving me on my
channel I've almost reached 800
subscribers and I think it's about time
i owe you guys back with a giveaway such
as this one now unfortunately I can't
give a code every single one of you guys
I would have loved to but that is just
not possible so instead I'm gonna have
to randomly pick these people who
participate in the giveaway so make sure
you participate for a chance of winning
your own weapon per minute so to
participate it's quite simple first of
all make sure you subscribe to my
channel if you're not already there's a
button just underneath this video that
says subscribe just press on that and
you'll be subscribed to me second will
like this video same thing button just
underneath this video that says like
make sure you like it and finally that
actually participate in the giveaway you
have to post a comment in the in the
comments below now i'm going to post an
example comment on the screen right now
this is how your comments should look so
first of all you need your in-game name
now if you're one of the lucky people
who actually wins then I have to have
some way of sending you the code so the
way I do that is by sending you a PM on
the battlefield play4free forums I will
not be doing it through YouTube so make
sure you include that in game name
on your comment next you'll have to
guess a number between one and five
hundred this must be done for each of
the weapons you wish to participate with
and can be done twice per weapon you get
two attempts so if one fails you might
have a second a chance to actually get
the code for yourself then on the day of
the drawing I'll draw two codes two
numbers between one and five hundred for
each weapon and the person who gets the
closest to that number will receive the
code now I hope that's clear enough if
you have any questions whatsoever then
post them in the comments below and guys
good luck with a giveaway and I'll see
you next time